Update syntax for docusaurus (#11)
Topl/Knowledge-Base: docs/Developer/New To Topl/transactions-1.md

Currently, transactions must be created online. But transactions can be created by anyone, they do not have to have the credentials for a particular address. For example, an accounts payable clerk might process payable checks for signature by the CEO. Similarly, an accounts payable clerk can create Topl transactions and then have the CEO apply digital signatures to make them valid. Whereas a check references a specific account as the source of the funds, a Topl transaction references specific boxes that have been generated by a prior transaction as its source, rather than a particular account.

![origination](https://files.readme.io/b36ed30-Screen_Shot_2021-08-11_at_4.36.56_PM.png)

Once a transaction has been created, it is signed by the owner (or owners) of the source of the funds. If it is properly formed and signed, the signed transaction is now valid and contains all the information needed to execute the transfer of tokens. Finally, the valid transaction has to reach the Topl network so that it can be propagated until it reaches a forger for inclusion in the public ledger (the blockchain)

## Broadcasting Transactions to the Topl Network

> First, a transaction needs to be delivered to the Topl network so that it can be propagated and included in the blockchain. In essence, a Topl transaction is just a few bytes of data and has to reach any one of many Bifrost nodes. The senders do not need to trust the nodes they use to broadcast the transaction, as long as they use more than one to ensure that it propagates. The nodes don't need to trust the sender or establish the sender's "identity". Because the transaction is signed and contains no confidential information, private keys, or credentials, it can be publicly broadcast using the JSON-RPC routes. Unlike credit card transactions, for example, which contain sensitive information and can only be transmitted on an encrypted network, a Topl transaction can be sent over any network. As long as the transaction can reach a Topl node that will propagate it into the Topl network, it doesn't matter how it is transported to the first node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, a transaction needs to be delivered to the Topl network in order to propagate and be included in the blockchain. Essentially, a Topl transaction consists of only a few bytes of data and must reach any one of the many Bifrost nodes. Senders do not need to trust the specific nodes they use to broadcast the transaction, as long as they use multiple nodes to ensure its propagation. The nodes do not need to trust the sender or establish the sender's "identity". Since the transaction is signed and contains no confidential information, private keys, or credentials, it can be publicly broadcast using the JSON-RPC routes. Unlike credit card transactions, which involve sensitive information and require transmission over encrypted networks, a Topl transaction can be sent over any network. As long as the transaction can reach a Topl node that will propagate it into the Topl network, the method of transport to the first node is not important.
```
